In the last lecture we basically finished our shopping lists service.
But here's one thing which is not working.
I can put this ad button as often as I want.
I don't get an error but I also don't see it getting added to this list.
The reason for this is that when we call get ingredients which you of course do to populate this list
we only get a slice of the ingredients that rate so we get a copy.
Therefore once we add a new ingredient which you of course don't add to the copy but to the original
array that is not reflected in our components.
Well we only have that copy to work with.
Now there are a couple of ways of solving this for the easiest solution you could remove slyest and
that's not necessarily bad.
You would then simply return to your original array.
And if you're sure you don't accidentally enter that somewhere this might not be wrong.
I choose this approach though because I want to show you a different solution.
We basically have to inform our component that new data is available.
So I will simply add a new event emitter here and I'll name it.
Ingredients changed.
And I'll set this two or I'll of course set this to a new event emitter to be imported from an Anglo
core.
This event emitter now can emit our ingredient array's so to type it will pass on an array of ingredients.
And now here whenever we change this aere we simply call this ingredients changed and emit a new event
and we of course pass a value here.
Our original ingredients array though to be precise.
Again only a copy of it.
So now we always have the right ingredients array in the service and we Inforum over interest components
about that change in the event we're emitting here.
So now in the shopping list component besides getting the ingredients at that point of time we load
the app.
I also want to reach out to my shopping list service and simply subscribe to dead ingredients change
event.
So now whenever ingredients change I know that I will get them.
This will be of type ingredient array here as we learned.
And now I can use them here in the body of these anonymous function and passing to subscribe.
And here I can now simply said this.
Ingredients equal to the ingredients I got here and with this change of place.
Now if we let the application reload here and go to shopping list and now I add bread and now you see
it gets added here again without any issues because now we're getting informed that something changed.